Yes, I am here to offer my condolences.
I am here to offer my condolences to the 65th
Showa Shogunate of the Shinsokudo Shogunate.
I am here to offer my condolences to the 65th Shogunate of the Shinsokudo Shogunate.
I am here to offer my condolences to the 65th Shogunate of the Shogunate.
According to the current advanced History of Wunderland and the Chinese folklore,
Korean and Japanese
It is for great responsibility that they gave their ashes
and were executed right away,
but the simple action to accomplish,
As a consequence of our Indian spirit European tradition,
we have committed to serve the country as our colleague
considering our practice our Burchon tradition idea.
야
We will also believe in rebuild the old realize
to wear the finally parece the Age Trail in old village.
To face the issue In front of the Eirei,
And then it sets out federal officials too.
Aoki said theesserent
Thank you for watching!